# nginx load balancer and db for wordpress.
## In this folder you can find the following files:

### docker-compose: This file has the following features:
                
            MySql
            1.- Mysql db container, programmed in the base state.
                this has external folder for data persistence
                
            Wordpress image
            2.- wordpress image, programmed in the base state, is linked to the db,
                this has external folder for data persistence. This container shares the data with
                the following wordpress container.

            Wordpress image
            3.- wordpress image, programmed in the base state, has been linked to the db,
                this has external folder for data persistence. This container shares the data with
                the old wordpress container.

            *As you can see, wordpress containers are clones, they take their data from the same external folder,
            They will be used by the load balancer...

            PimMyAdmin
            4.- set my admin image, it will be used as db manager. It's linked with db of course.

            Nginx
            5.- Image of nginx as load balancer, it has its external file configured, for data persistence and it is
                linked with your wordress images. You know, send requests between wordpress containers.

            6.- Local network for the project, in this way, all its images work on the same network.

### Other files on the root path
            1.- nginx.conf: This file contains the default configuration for the load balancer.
            2.- db_data: This folder has inside the data generated by the db container.
            3.- wdata: This forlder has inside it data generated by wordpress containers.
